Here is the prompt used:

Role & Context:
You are an expert Python developer. Your task is to write a local, self-contained CLI application that anonymizes sensitive data in text files based on a JSON mapping file.

CRITICAL CONSTRAINT: The solution must be 100% local. Do NOT use any external APIs, HTTP clients, LLM SDKs, or cloud services. Do not use external dependencies if standard libraries (like json, re, argparse, pathlib) can do the job.

Functional Requirements:

CLI Interface: Create a script named anonymize.py using argparse. It must accept:

--mapping: Path to the JSON mapping file.

--input: Path to the source file to anonymize.

--output: Path to save the anonymized file.

File Handling: >     * Read the input file and write the output file exclusively in UTF-8 encoding.

If the input file is not valid UTF-8, exit gracefully with a clear error message.

Treat all input files (.json, .txt, .md, .csv) as plain text. Do not parse JSON or CSV into data structures for the replacement process; just perform text-based substitution on the raw string data.

Mapping Schema Validation: Load the mapping JSON and validate it. It will look like this:

JSON
{
  "replacements": [
    { "find": ["string1", "string2"], "replace": "TOKEN_1" }
  ],
  "options": { "case_sensitive": false }
}
Throw a clear error and exit if: replacements is missing, any find array is empty, any string inside find is empty, or replace is missing.

Replacement Logic (Overlap Policy): >     * Process the replacements array strictly in the order provided.

Within each rule, process the find strings strictly in array order.

Use a sequential find-and-replace approach (scanning left-to-right). Apply the replacement to the entire document state as it exists at that step.

If options.case_sensitive is false (or missing), perform case-insensitive matching. Hint: If using re.sub, ensure you use re.escape() on the find strings to prevent regex injection, and use re.IGNORECASE.

Output & Safety: >     * Write the final transformed text to the --output path.

Create the parent directories for the output path if they do not exist.

Deliverables Request:
Please output the following:

The complete, single-file Python code for anonymize.py.

A complete README.md file formatted to meet academic assignment standards. The README must include:

Prerequisites (Python version).

Installation/Setup (mentioning no external dependencies are needed).

Exact command-line usage examples.

An explanation of the mapping file format.

A clear explanation of the "Overlap Policy" (sequential processing as defined above).